Updates to 23.2.0 release to reflect availability of binaries (#18276)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.2/upgrade-cockroach-version.md

    It is only possible to set this setting to the current cluster version.

{% comment %}
### Features that require upgrade finalization

When upgrading from {{ previous_version }} to {{ page.version.version }}, certain features and performance improvements will be enabled only after finalizing the upgrade, including but not limited to:

> TODO: Update this section with the list of features here, and re-add the link to this section from earlier in step 3, where we say "This will enable certain features and performance improvements introduced in {{ page.version.version }}"

Author: ```suggestion
TODO: Update this section with the list of features here, uncomment this section, and re-add the link to this section from earlier in step 3 as well as the other places where this PR removed such links.:

src/current/_includes/v23.2/orchestration/kubernetes-upgrade-cluster-helm.md
src/current/_includes/v23.2/orchestration/kubernetes-upgrade-cluster-manual.md:
src/current/v23.2/upgrade-cockroachdb-kubernetes.md
src/current/v23.2/orchestrate-cockroachdb-with-kubernetes-multi-cluster.md
```
